Rachel Wonder - Stage 1 Visual Rhetoric Reflection

Hopefully my argument is clear in the visual rhetoric draft -- 
that is, the PNG image -- that you should be able to look at. 
So far, the text makes up most of the visual hierarchy of the image, 
and it strives to make the argument pretty opaque. In the largest block of text, 
I put the heart of the argument in bold letters and caps so viewers know that 
it's the most important part. SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL LIBRARY - if you get 
nothing else out of this image, that should be it. Then, in the same font 
but smaller and at the bottom - "It's not just a place for books." 
Hopefully viewers will see this part next and understand it to be the 
"sub-argument" that supports the main argument. Then to the left, I kind of 
put a big "wall of text" of all the different services and interesting 
things that libraries are for -- books and everything else. It's kind 
of a blob, and also not in bold or in any eye-catching font, so I think 
viewers will tend to skim through it, but it's still big enough to attract attention. 
If you read through it, you can see a list of things that support the 
argument and sub-argument.

I haven't worked too much yet on the next part (which is essentially what I 
need to do to finish the piece), but it's the actual image that will 
support the argument. I took a picture of the local Carnegie library for 
the background, so viewers can have a clearer idea of what I'm referring to when I say 
"your local library." I made a cartoonish drawing of someone playing the keyboard 
and put them in the background between the bookshelves. This drawing should represent 
the fact that libraries often have musical equipment, music magazine / CD sections, 
and the like, not just books but certainly coexisting along them (the person is 
literally in between the books).  Similarly, I plan to add more drawings of people 
who are participating in / utilizing the different library services. Some of them 
might be more "stereotypical," such as children reading during storytime, but 
others will be less conventional and show people learning new languages, using 
the computers, listening to a speaker, etc, and this will all support 
my argument just like how the keyboard player does. 